---
title: "details"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: plug
style: left
---

## Format

Friday afternoon, and all of Saturday, will be spent hacking, writing and tinkering, ending with a demo on Saturday night at 9pm. Food will be provided on both days.

**You can hack on anything that involves open data!** If you think your project should fit in - bring it! You can work on a project you've had brewing for a long time, show up with just an idea or bring nothing but your beautiful mind and find others to work with at the event.

**You get to cheat!** You don't have to start from scratch on the day - bringing an almost-finished project is a-ok!

**You'll find friends!** If you don't know what you'd want to work on, but just like the idea of open data, you should come! We'll help you find a project looking for more able hands. 

## Where is it?

At the [Downtown Incubator](http://www.columbiaredi.com/expand-relocate/buildings-sites/incubators). The address is:

    500 E. Walnut Street, Suite 105 
    Columbia, MO 65201

## What to bring

Anything you might need! Laptops, calculators, arduinos, notebooks, sketch books, squirt guns? Or bring nothing at all, and just join someone doing something you find interesting when you get here!

## Schedule

### Friday 13/11

#### 6pm: Intro & introductions

#### 7pm: Tacos!

#### Late: Sleep!

### Saturday 14/11

#### 10am: Doors open, more hacking

#### 12pm: Lunch!

#### 7pm: Pizza!

#### 9pm: Demo! Share what you built with the rest of us! Open to anyone, invite your friends :)

## Contact

For questions, more information and free coffee, reach out to <i>jake [at] neotechnology.com</i>.

